---
name: dps-hitori
description: Denops hitori
---

=pod

=head1 dps-hitori

Plugin similar to L<neovim-remote|https://github.com/mhinz/neovim-remote> and L<vim-singleton|https://github.com/thinca/vim-singleton> using L<denops.vim|https://github.com/vim-denops/denops.vim>.

=head1 Features X<hitori-features>

It uses L<denops.vim|https://github.com/vim-denops/denops.vim>, so it works cross-platform.
Also supports Windows.

=head1 Installation X<hitori-installation>

If you use L<folke/lazy.nvim|https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim>.

  {
    "yukimemi/dps-hitori",
    lazy = false,
    dependencies = {
      "vim-denops/denops.vim",
    },
  }

If you use L<yukimemi/dvpm|https://github.com/yukimemi/dvpm>.

  dvpm.add({ url: "yukimemi/dps-hitori" });

=head1 Requirements X<hitori-requirements>

=item [Deno - A modern runtime for JavaScript and TypeScript](https://deno.land/)

=item [vim-denops/denops.vim: 🐜 An ecosystem of Vim/Neovim which allows developers to write cross-platform plugins in Deno](https://github.com/vim-denops/denops.vim)

=head1 Usage X<hitori-usage>

No special settings are required.
By default, Start a websocket server on port 7070.

=head1 Commands X<hitori-commands>

C<:Disablehitori>                                              X<:Disablehitori>
Disable hitori.

C<:Enablehitori>                                                X<:Enablehitori>
Enable hitori.

=head1 Config X<hitori-config>

No settings are required. However, the following settings can be made if necessary.

C<g:hitori_debug>                                              X<g:hitori_debug>
Enable debug messages.
default is v:false

C<g:hitori_quit>                                                X<g:hitori_quit>
Whether to quit after sending a file to an already open server-side Vim/Neovim.
default is v:true

C<g:hitori_ignore_patterns>                          X<g:hitori_ignore_patterns>
A list of patterns to be ignored. (JavaScript regexp)
default is ["\\.tmp$", "\\.diff$", "(COMMIT_EDIT|TAG_EDIT|MERGE_|SQUASH_)MSG$"]

C<g:hitori_port>                                                X<g:hitori_port>
Websocket server port.
default is 7070

=head1 Example X<hitori-example>

  let g:hitori_debug = v:false
  let g:hitori_quit = v:false
  let g:hitori_port = 7070
  let g:hitori_blacklist_patterns = ["\\.tmp$", "\\.diff$", "(COMMIT_EDIT|TAG_EDIT|MERGE_|SQUASH_)MSG$"]

=head1 License X<hitori-license>

Licensed under MIT License.

Copyright (c) 2023 yukimemi

=cut
